>> Many psychologists feel
that the reason we are seeing
an exodus of children leaving
our educational systems is
because our teaching models
are not progressing enough with
a new emerging consciousness
of our new generation.
They are trying to
tell us something new,
and we are forcing them to
go against their nature.
>> I think it all comes
down to evolution.
I mean, I don't know
why we think that,
just because we're here right
now, that evolution is not
continuing.
I wrote a follow-up book
where I'm talking about,
I feel like we are living
evolution right now.
Every time we choose
a higher path,
every time we think of a thought
that's of a higher frequency,
I really believe we're
shifting our DNA.
And as we do this,
it's logical--
if we've been evolving over
many, many thousands of years,
which we are still
determining exactly how
many thousands of years
we've actually been here,
that's always up for debate--
but that the children who are
being born right now, naturally
are going to be more
intelligent than we are.
I mean, that just
totally makes sense.
And so we have a
real crisis now,
as I know I don't
have to tell you that,
in the educational
system of this country.
I've done a lot of work in
neurolinguistic programming,
and a lot of that
work involves being
able to read people, as
far as their primary mode,
and the primary ways
that they learn.
People learn one of three
ways-- you're either visual,
you're auditory,
you're hearing things,
or you're more of a
touchy feely person.
And I feel that
the Indigo children
are the special children that
are being born right now--
they're more highly evolved.
They're also more
highly sensitive.
These are the kids that
would be in school--
they're looking down and
they're doodling on the paper.
And historically, I mean,
I sat in classrooms--
I had a history
teacher in high school,
took his big ruler and
whap to the guy in front
of me who's taking a nap.
Well, children can't
learn unless they
go into an alpha
state, a trance state.
And people, a kinesthetic
learner-- a touchy feely
learner, which I believe
most of these children are,
these people, in order to
access that part of their brain,
their eyes have to go
down and to their right.
And so they're sitting over
here in class going, la, la, la.
But what the teacher
doesn't understand,
and what the educational system
needs to become aware of,
is the fact that they are
hearing every single thing
you're saying, because their
brain wave has slowed down
into the alpha level.
So everything that that teacher
is saying to them is going in,
but they can't
raise their eyes up,
because now this is
the auditory level,
and this is the visual level.
So they need to be there.
And just because
we don't understand
how to work with these
children, does not
mean that we need to be
medicating them, and singling
them out, and treating them as
if something's wrong with them.
I mean, it's going
to cause a major--
we need a major overhaul
in the educational system
in this country.
>> Studies at major universities
in human psychology have found
that the process of learning
can be accelerated when students
move beyond linear sequential
understanding to learning
and more of a three-dimensional
visual presentation.
In a similar way,
the study of physics
evolved from the ancient Greek
models of visual mathematics
and geometry, to linear
sequential mathematical
formulas.
Today's students
accelerate their learning
much more rapidly in 3D
video game environments.
What if we were to
develop learning tools
that simulated the 3D
video game environment,
but instead of
war games, we were
teaching literature, history,
science, math, and even art?
Would we see a lower
dropout rate in our schools?
More creativity, and a greater
enthusiasm about learning?
>> The difference between
holographic awareness,
and linear sequential thinking--
we're beginning to realize more
and more that when we first
come in here as newborn
babies, because our whole body,
our whole nervous system
is connected together
into a single unit, and
every single pore and morph
in our body is
picking up information
about the world around us,
than our nervous system builds
a hologram, a whole picture
of awareness, simultaneously,
instantaneously, in the moment.
In this hologram
for babies, includes
them not feeling separate
from their environment.
Not separate from their
parents, not separate
from their crib, the room
that they're living in--
they feel, in a sense, a
non-dualism and at one-ment
with their whole environment.
>> Could it be that children
have the power to enter
the conscious field of
the universe more easily,
and more readily than
full-grown adults?
Russian and European physicists
have conducted studies
into a force called
torsion that may
help explain the creative
and psychic forces
of the conscious universe.
Torsion may become a new
identified force in physics
that can explain what the father
of quantum physics, Max Planck,
discovered in the early 1900s.
Max Planck believe
that this consciousness
was responsible for the
creation of all matter
at the subatomic level.
>> I talk about torsion in
the two chapters in my book,
Life Force.
It's a relatively new
theory that in the West,
we don't know much about.
The Russians discovered this
theory about, in the '50s,
really, and Kozyrev,
an astrophysicist,
discovered it by
watching star systems.
What he concluded
is that whenever
there are
electromagnetic fields,
whenever particles are
flipping their spin--
which is the fundamental
way that this torsion
field gets created--
that it really generates
a new kind of force
that Western physics doesn't
understand very well,
but appears to be
really basic for life.
From what I've
been looking at, it
couples with the bio photons,
which are inside our body,
and all the DNA in
our body generates.
It couples to those, and
it really exists primarily
outside the body--
it's what makes up the aura.
It also permeates all of space.
It can travel both forward
and backward in time,
and is really probably in a very
deep sense what keeps particles
in place, and defines the
existence of particles,
and probably their mass.
It might be a
little bit like what
modern physics calls
the Higgs-Boson,
but it behaves differently.
The Russians know quite
a bit about this--
they have equations, they have
theories, they have patents,
they have devices that
make use of this force.
So it's important because
the aura outside our body,
which is made up of
this field, governs
a lot of what goes
on in the body--
the health, the well-being, it
governs how we send thoughts,
most likely, over long distances
with ESP, and things like that.
It governs how healers are
able to project their healing
energy over long distances.
So it's a very important field.
The most basic
effect that it has
for the present discussion,
of people disappearing
and teleporting, and
things like that,
is that this force
appears to be generated
at the very smallest scales
of motion of particles,
as they zigzag back and forth
interacting with the vacuum
energy.
It's this torsion
wave energy that's
probably the most important
force that's operating.
So if you talk about--
Einstein talked about
gravity, in terms
of how the space bends, the
idea of curvature of space as
defined in gravity.
What the torsion
adds is the concept
that space can also twist--
that's why it's
called a torsion.
And probably the very
matrix of reality,
what we call space time, or
physicists call it the metric--
which tells us how space
time has been curved--
is really defined
by this energy.
So although we have it
surrounding our bodies,
and we generate it with
our minds, that gives us
a way of affecting the
nature of space time--
we can affect it directly
through these torsion fields.
So it's a really
fundamental force that's
pretty much a new discovery.
>> In the book, The
GOD Experiments,
where G-O-D stands for guiding,
organizing, designing process,
I review a series of different
kinds of experiments that,
together, all point to the
conclusion that there is some
sort of a higher universal
intelligence that's expressed
in everything, in all things,
that any of us can tap
into if we are open to doing
so, and with the appropriate
intentions.
And in fact, the
idea of the all is
in the small, that general
principle, literally the word
small has the word all in it.
Now, to the extent that there
is this universal intelligence,
this creative process,
that is, if you would,
holographic that exists in
the quantum field, zero point
energy field, as
physicists sometimes
like to think of it,
then to the extent
that we seek information, which
we can do inside ourselves,
we should be able to get, to
various degrees, information.
And most importantly,
we can get information
that we can validate-- i.e.
it actually applies
to the real world.
And I think a lot
of observations
about what are called
precognitive dreams, dreams
about seeing the
future, or having
either daydreams or conscious
awareness of things that might
happen in the future, including
intuitions and hunches, come
from, in part, tapping into
this what Catherine Young calls
the knowing field.
And that this is an area
that is like oxygen--
it's available to all of us.
Or light, if we're willing
to breathe it in, or go out
into the sun.
>> If creativity comes out
of the relationship between
the mind interfacing with super
giant fields of consciousness,
wouldn't it be wise to teach
mind expansion techniques?
If we introduce mind-expanding
concentration and meditation
techniques to children, high
school, university students,
and at places of business,
would we see more creativity?
Increased ability to problem
solve, and greater inventions
for our civilization?
Are today's students
demanding a new way
of expanding their
horizons, while we
are trying to make them
fit into a model that
doesn't work anymore?
>> So to carry this
understanding of the hologram
a little bit further, now
picture that your awareness
system has become so open that
you are picking up information
not only from your
whole body internally,
but you're picking up
information from all four
directions, all around
you simultaneously,
instantaneously.
And your awareness system
is building a hologram.
So as that hologram
becomes more powerful,
as you understand
that way of being
aware in the present,
what happens is,
you start to develop a
non-separateness between you
and a huge informational
field which surrounds you.
And so your body of knowledge
starts to, in a sense,
interact with the body of
differentiation in the world
all around you.
You start to pick up
informational bytes, like
at quantum speed, instead
of this linear sequential,
trying to figure it out way.
So you're picking up
all of these bytes.
And imagine that this field,
as your awareness field
grows, as your
hologram grows, you
start to connect with
the giant hologram.
By the giant
hologram, let's even
start out with planet Earth--
imagine that planet
Earth, which we saw,
when they looked
at planet Earth,
those famous shots of planet
Earth from the spaceship
travels, and you see
that, oh, my god, planet
Earth is a hologram--
it's not divided
into sections, and countries.
It's actually a whole field.
So picture that you start
to pick up information
about the whole field of
your planet Earth, just
like, in a sense, that the
web does, the worldwide web.
We can communicate with people
from everywhere on the planet
instantaneously now.
And so this field of
all this information,
as you open your
own hologram, begins
to connect with the larger
hologram of information that's
available on the planet.
And it even gets bigger
than that-- you start to go,
my goodness, planet Earth
is within a solar system,
it has other planets,
it has the sun.
And in fact, the sun,
in a lot of ways,
is what makes planet
Earth hum the way it does,
and able to vibrate
with the lifeforms
that we, ourselves, are.
And you start to become
much more in tune with that.
So what happens is,
you gain access,
as you expand your
own hologram, you
begin to gain access to
wider and wider and wider
fields of information,
which begin
to come through the quantum
processor that you are.
And we already know, in
modern psychophysiology,
that there are probable--
your brain, in itself,
is capable of containing
as many bits of information
as there are grains of
sand on planet Earth.
And imagine you start
to encourage your brain
to fire holistically into all
hemispheres simultaneously--
left, right, frontal cortex,
and the visual cortex.
So now that the whole
brain is beginning
to fire like that, into
those billions of bits
of information, and is
able to fire simultaneously
interconnectively into all
of those bits of information,
and pull them together into
a holographic vision, that's
what starts to happen as
you learn to holograph,
you become a
visionary, you start
to see things, you start to see
solutions in your mind's eye,
as opposed to trying
to figure things out.
And this is when we
really start to generate--
we know, in the modern
study of genius,
that the greatest
breakthroughs seem
to happen exactly
when a person is
in some kind of a restful,
whole-being, open state,
and the brain suddenly
explodes with a huge insight.
The famous example is
that, in one instant,
Einstein saw the whole
theory of relativity,
and it took him two and
a half to three years
to try to explain--
linearly, sequentially,
rationally, logically, what he
saw in an instant.
One of the things that
I see, as we understand
holographic solution
formation, is that we're
going to create the next
generation of computers,
we already know, are going to
be called quantum computers.
And they're going to be able
to fire like our brains do,
instead of down
either or choices,
they're going to be able
to fire simultaneously
in all directions,
simultaneously.
So on your computer screen,
you're going to see a hologram,
like you're going to
see a whole person,
from all sides and all angles.
And you're going to
be able to rotate
that person with your cursor.
And you're going to
be able to manipulate
some object, in
three dimensions,
make changes to it,
adjustments, as a hologram,
instead of having to go through
a whole linear sequential,
cut and paste, shift to
change, in two dimensions,
you're actually
going to be looking
at imagery in three dimensions.
And you're going to be
able to create solutions
in three dimensions.
Well, that's what our visionary
brain, our whole brain,
is able to do, and that's what
our kids are beginning to grok,
like never before in the
history of the planet.
And it's time for us to catch
up, and really understand
where they want to lead us.
>> Where does
creativity come from?
How do we expand
our consciousness,
so that we can invent solutions
that have never existed before?
If we expand our awareness
through meditation
and concentration, and reach
higher and higher levels
of the conscious
universe with our minds,
can we communicate with the
supreme intelligence that can
really teach us how to evolve?
Is it even possible
to learn from anything
other than what we can perceive
with the five physical senses?
>> All of us have this
unlimited potential within us.
Even the scientists say we
only use a very small portion
of our brain.
And if you believe in
a spiritual reality,
then you have access
to all information
within the universe.
To tap into these
unlimited possibilities,
the first thing you have to
do is believe that you can.
If you believe you
can't, you will not,
and you will never be able
to tap into these qualities.
>> Our research is pointing to
at least two areas where people
are getting information from.
One is, if you would directly--
picking up energy
from the environment,
from living systems, from
other people, from plants--
literally detecting
what's here directly.
But there's a second
level, and this
is where the really psychic,
certainly young adults
and adults showed this, is
that they report receiving it
from their quote, higher
guides, from, if you would,
the spiritual realm.
In fact, we're now
actually investigating,
the testing, the quote,
guide hypothesis,
to see whether or
not there is evidence
that this is a mechanism
in the same way
that we've done
research documenting,
the mediums can actually
receive communication
from individuals who have died.
So there seems to be
at least two sources
of the information-- directly
in the physical environment,
and indirectly, if you would,
to a larger spiritual reality.
And my hunch is we're going
to find that both sources are
where it comes from.
>> If you believe you can
tap into these possibilities,
that's a first step.
You absolutely have to
have the belief system,
or else you will never
be able to tap into them.
The second thing you want to
do is ask the right questions.
Because a question
to the universe
will always bring
about an answer.
So if you ask yourself,
how can I become an artist?
You will, within a
week, have an answer.
The first step will
be provided to you.
For example, you may meet
someone who's an artist,
you may meet someone who points
you towards an art class,
you may have an inspiration
to walk in the craft store
and pick up some paints.
If you ask, how can I heal?
You're going to start receiving
the answers, and the hopes,
and the inspirations
from the heavens.
So you must believe in it,
and you must absolutely
ask the right questions.
>> If we picture everything
that humanity currently knows,
and visualize it
inside of a cube,
and we realize that our
education is limited
to the inside of the cube, how
can we find the solutions we
seek, remaining inside
the laws of the cube?
If we have to expand our
vision beyond the cube,
to learn that which has
not yet been discovered,
and we keep creating limitations
in our laws of science,
laws of physics, laws of
government, laws of banking,
laws of education,
laws of religion,
how will we ever evolve?
>> There is an unprecedented
amount of children being born
on this planet with a
high-functioning intuition--
children who remember previous
lifetimes, and children
that recall being
here before, children
who see their aunts and
uncles who have passed on.
And this is because
we're evolving.
The word apocalypse means, it's
French, for releasing the veil,
or removing the veil.
And these children
are very sensitive.
And if you notice that these
children have very large eyes,
their eyes are very
oval, and they're
being born all over the
planet, all over the world--
places like China, and Japan.
And we're seeing this
because it's a natural state
of evolution of the planet.
Our conscious is evolutioning.
And the point is that
we have become so busy
that we're not seeing it.
We have these gifted
and amazing children
who are here to help us,
as Turnbull Melchizedek
has said many times, that
children will show us the way.
This is what they're
doing-- they're showing us
the natural state
of being, they're
showing us our abilities
that we've long
forgotten, our
abilities that we've
tuned out due to pressures from
growing up and being adults.
And this is why they're
here, they're here now.
And this is why we
created this conference
to help them and
support their families.
>> All right, so what is going
on is the return of the inner
child.
And I mean, even
the Bible says how,
only one who possesses
a heart of a child
may enter the Kingdom of God.
And this is happening
with a lot of adults--
they're bringing forth
their inner child,
and also our children are born
able to keep their innocence
and wisdom intact to inspire
and bring us forward.
And also it says, only a
child will lead the way.
And that's also where
we're at right now
and what we're witnessing.
It's really neat, because we
all are really just light,
and we mirror the stars in that,
we are light in dark places.
And for a long time, we've had
masculine energy ruling things,
calling the shots.
And now we have the
feminine energy returning.
But it's really not about the
masculine or the feminine as
one over the other, it's really
about the balance of the two
within us, which brings
about the inner child.
It's very much like how
we call our children
our sunshine, our light.
And so the more we
shine our light,
the more we will be emulating
and mirroring the stars.
And particularly when all
these lights come together
in one area, it will
look like one big light,
like one giant
sun spelled S-U-N,
or S-O-N, the return of
God's son, androgynous.
It's really beautiful
and an exciting time.
>> And you look at some of
these young artists today,
like Akihyon, and you're seeing
children who are claiming
to have dialogues
with God and angels.
And they're putting it
on canvas, and you think,
are we are we able
to accept this?
Do we know how to
accept that children
are dialoguing with beings
from beyond this world?
And if we can accept that,
and we're not just saying,
oh, this is just myth, or this
is just children's fantasy
land, then maybe we can
start asking questions
to beckon the
solutions that we're
looking for on the planet.
>> I agree.
And I've asked a few of
these kids these questions.
I said, where are you
getting your information?
Because that's a big part of
it, is how does a child come
into this world at
age four or five,
the parents have no
structure or belief
system around a religion,
and they're not artists.
So how does a child
come into this world,
just pick up the
palette, know the colors,
and how to mix the colors to
make the flesh tones, and all
that--
like Akhiyon, for instance.
How do they have this knowledge?
Where does that
wisdom come from?
Some people would say they're
reincarnate of perhaps Leonardo
da Vinci, or someone
might say that they're
channeling this information.
The kids oftentimes don't
know, they just do it.
They don't even think,
they don't hesitate.
So this is the kind
of a new generation,
this wave of children that are
coming into this world that
just are totally aware.
They just remember.
And I think everybody
actually can probably
do what these kids are doing,
if we just simply think out
of the box, and we open
ourselves up to realize
the true essence of our being.
>> I mean, what's amazing at
this point in history is we
have the potential to super
merge at a level of exponential
increase that we've never seen
in the history of the world.
We have the internet.
We have the ability to
search online on Google.
Google is the largest
number ever counted--
that's what Google means.
It's like the brain
of the universe.
You can search in any
library, any manuscript,
any mathematical formula,
any medical formula, anything
you want is online.
And we've never had this before.
I mean, you had to
go to the library
before, and know a
book by certain author,
and look it up in the catalog,
and then go check it out,
and then come home and read it.
Now this information is
right at our fingertips.
So I think this new generation
is not only our greatest hope,
if we can open some
doors in places
we've never seen it before.
But their ability to
go far beyond anybody
in the history of the world is
unprecedented-- if we allow it.
If we allow it.
And there is no way we're going
to make it, unless we just
turn right or turn left.
We have to do something
radically different.
And can you imagine
these children,
with all this information,
just imagine there are
hundreds of thousands of them.
And actually what's
happening is an evolution
of our species on a
level of consciousness.
Now, we talk about
technology, and yes, we're
in the information age.
Computers, within
a nanosecond, you
can talk to somebody
around the world.
Everything is moving faster
and faster and faster now.
So with that given, that
any time one of these kids
gets on a computer and
shares information,
think how it's
being disseminated
amongst the populations
of the entire planet
quickly, in just a nanosecond.
So that's a very powerful
tool, is our internet,
as far as information stream,
or the network that gets out
there, is their knowledge is
being shared with the many
rather than the few that way.
>> How can we tell our children
that there is no money to build
their new world with?
Well, we look at, what are
our big problems in the world
today?
One of the biggest problems
we have is the economy.
And this is an
amazing statistic,
because we have more
genius in the planet today
than we've ever had in
the history of the world.
I mean, according to
Mensa and IQ testing,
there's at least 125 million
people on the planet,
out of over 6 billion people,
who are at the genius level.
If we were to mobilize
125 million geniuses,
and give them funding to do
anything they wanted to solve
the world's problems, from
new fossil fuels to zero-point
energy, new sources of
energy, safe nuclear energy,
anti-gravity, going to
the stars and beyond,
solving the next biological
crisis, solving--
I mean, virtually everything
that is a limitation
that we can see right now.
When you look at that,
the idea that, OK,
we have more wealth in
services and knowledge
than we've ever had, yet
our economy is saying,
there's no money.
But what is money?
Money is a note that's supposed
to move goods and services.
Well, there's no shortage
of goods and services,
we actually grow enough food
to feed the world three times
over, and we let literally
billions of tons of food rot
every year in the United States,
that we're not delivering.
So the problem
isn't that we don't
have enough food and resources.
The problem is that we don't
have enough timber, and rock,
and steel to make houses with.
We have 10% unemployed in
the United States, alone.
So you think of,
why aren't we moving
our goods and our resources?
And even more importantly,
is why aren't we
paying people to think?
I mean, think of
the number of ideas
that people have every
day, an invention.
Something that could solve
this problem or that problem.
But if you go to the bank,
they say, well, we're
not going to give you money
to fund your crazy idea, that
would be crazy.
Because there's only
a little bit of money.
But we've bought into
this mechanism that
says that money is what rules
the planet, when actually it's
what money represents--
which is goods and services
and inventions, and
thinking and knowledge.
So the idea of attacking
the Federal Reserve,
or the central
banks of the world
is now very popular in Congress.
Senator John Kerry, and
representative Ron Paul,
want to audit the
Federal Reserve.
This was recently on
MSNBC, and basically
take them to court for robbing
the war and hijacking us.
They are saying,
there's so much debt,
we owe them so much money,
that we can't move forward.
That there is so much debt
that we can't move forward
with our economy.
When there's
actually more genius,
and there's more resources,
and more goods than
ever in the history
of the world.
We have to get beyond money.
And I think that's going
to be an iconoclasm
to just get beyond money.
Something that if we don't
do it, so we don't do this,
what they're saying is
the debt is so huge,
they say, sorry, you
can't do anything
because you owe
us all this money,
and all the food
is going to rot,
you're not going to
build a build a house,
yet the materials are there.
You're not going to do anything
until you pay us this money.
So we have to get beyond
the concept of money.
>> When you start
to understand that,
as our field of awareness grows,
what we do is we connect with
the infinite field.
We connect with the
infinite quantum
field, which is endless.
In fact, what we're discovering,
and thanks to David's genius,
we're discovering that it's
the way that the electron spins
in a condenser of ever
smaller direction,
into minuscule micro
matter, or micro energy.
The positron spins in
the opposite direction,
and keeps expanding to
infinity and beyond.
His theory, for the first
time, explains to us
why the universe is expanding.
Why planet Earth is getting
slightly bigger every year.
Why the moon is getting bigger.
Why human beings get bigger.
Because in a sense,
it's like source,
it's like the infinite source
quantum energy mystery field,
out of which
everything manifests.
Said, you know what?
The field isn't closed.
It's open, and it's
up to you to connect
with the infinity of now.
And in that, the
positively joyous, happy,
fulfilled, completely
whole person
being shining light
solutions that you would
love to have for yourself.
And you can do it.
You just have to be willing
to make that creative leap
from trying to think
and force solutions,
by looking at minuscule
portions of your infinite field
of information that you're
gathering throughout your life.
And teach, in a sense,
support your awareness field
to open into that way of
holographically firing
and flashing, and flashing,
into ever more grandiose
wonderful joyous solutions.
[LAUGHING]
>> Imagine for a moment,
if a hurricane was coming
in the future.
But now, as people, instead
of what we're doing with
the weather forecasts-- which
is we're amplifying the fear,
and looking at all the
blowing of the winds and all
the torments, and so on--
imagine it said, we had
millions, or billions
of people simultaneously engaged
in an organized, synchronized,
guided imagery over the media
of sending loving intentions,
and calming
intentions to a storm.
Or even with redirecting
it to a safer environment.
Would we find that the
storm was diminished?
storm might be moved?
Well we'll never discover
it, unless we look for it.
>> In 2006, Professor Gary
Schwartz proposed that
the power of global
consciousness just might be
able to steer hurricanes
away from the Gulf of Mexico.
That is because scientists
have proven the mind's ability
to effect change in the
structure and pH of water
over any distance.
As hurricanes are made
of water and wind,
the theory holds true that mass
consciousness could possibly
redirect hurricanes,
even if those minds are
at a great distance removed.
In 2008, three
hurricanes moved right
through the Gulf
of Mexico, causing
billions of dollars in damage,
and claiming hundreds of lives.
In 2010, after
the Gulf oil spill
released over 300 million
gallons of crude oil,
the greatest fears of
hurricanes emerged.
If a category three
or four hurricane
entered the Gulf of Mexico,
with maximum sustained winds,
the millions of gallons
of oil would quickly
stir into a frenzy, causing
serious extensive damage.
As the 2010 Gulf hurricane
season beckoned the world,
millions of meditators
assembled consciousness groups
worldwide through the internet,
and live in the Gulf of Mexico,
to protect the region
from powerful hurricanes.
The meditations and intentions
of millions of minds,
focusing like a
powerful giant lens,
to protect the Gulf waters
were very, very powerful.
Miraculously, not one of
the 2010 category three
or higher hurricanes made
it into the Gulf of Mexico.
In fact, as Hurricane Irma tried
to approach the Gulf on August
22, it got turned away
by high pressure winds,
as did Hurricane Danielle.
On September 12th,
Hurricane Igor
became a category
four hurricane,
heading towards
the Gulf of Mexico.
Once again, high pressure
winds pushed it away
from the entire US coast.
On September 17th,
Hurricane Karl
became a category three
hurricane, just skimming
the lower Gulf of
Mexico, clear out
of the way of the oil spill.
Did the power of
collective consciousness
protect the Gulf of Mexico
from hurricanes in 2010?
Are human minds that powerful?
The need to find new
sources of energy
is paramount to
our very survival.
Solar power and
hydrogen fuel cells
were used successfully by NASA
during the Gemini and Apollo
missions from the
1950s to the 1970s,
and today in the
space shuttle program.
While we are led to
believe that solar
and wind power our best
solutions to sustainable
energy, there are
hidden discoveries
in zero-point energy that would
make such technology obsolete.
The future of energy,
transportation, architecture,
agriculture, communication,
and human civilization.
Would radically transform
upon the release
of classified zero-point energy
and anti-gravity technology.
Gravity research is
an area of physics
that has been ignored
more than any other.
Gravity is the most
obvious of all the forces,
yet it is the least understood,
and the least studied.
While there are secret
government programs currently
doing research
into anti-gravity,
human civilization
has yet to benefit
from this amazing technology.
Many eyewitnesses to UFOs,
or anti-gravity flying craft,
have been deeply moved
by the experience
of seeing spacecraft
defy the currently
known laws of physics.
Max Planck, the father
of quantum physics,
is also Einstein's mentor.
There would be no
Einstein without him.
Planck proposed the discovery
of zero-point energy in 1912.
If we are really looking
for new energy sources,
tapping into zero-point energy
would be the holy grail.
If we could tap into this
inexhaustible energy source,
we would eliminate the need for
burning fossil fuels entirely.
In 1913, pursuing Max
Planck's discovery further,
Albert Einstein, and Otto
Stern published a paper
revealing the great
significance and existence
of zero-point energy.
To this date, the
public is entirely
unaware of any
government research
into zero-point energy as a
viable, future energy source.
Why aren't we using all of
our resources to find it?
Only the alternative scientists
are pursuing this holy grail.
Does the Bible warn us of an
enormous cosmic transformation
of the solar system,
the Earth, and the sun,
at the Day of Atonement?
In 2 Peter, 3:10-13, "But
the day the Lord will come
as a thief in the night, in
which the heavens shall pass
away with a great noise, and
the elements shall melt with
fervent heat, the earth, also,
and the works that are therein,
shall be burned up.
Look for an hasting unto the
coming of the day of God,
wherein the heavens, being
on fire, shall be dissolved.
Nevertheless we,
according to His promise,
look for new heavens,
and a new earth."
Can science explain
this grand cosmic event?
The orbits of atomic
and subatomic particles
behave like tiny planets,
orbiting around stars,
demonstrating a synchronicity
between the micro
and the macrocosms.
We can see just how the
electrons in an atom
travel in orbits
around the nucleus,
just as planets
travel around our sun.
If we understand invisible,
but mathematically
proven dynamics of electrons
on the atomic scale,
will we be able to
mathematically explain
unforeseen changes on the
scale of our solar system?
According to Niels
Bohr's atomic model,
when an electron crosses the
border from an outer, lower
frequency shell orbit, and goes
to an inner, higher frequency
shell orbit, the electron gives
up some of its mass energy,
and the electron, in a
sense, becomes lighter.
Sometimes these
lighter electrons
will spin faster than
the speed of light inside
of the new, higher
frequency shell,
defying the currently
known laws of physics.
In particle accelerators,
quantum physicists
look at photographs of
particle explosions.
This amazing photo
reveals a hidden secret--
each particle has
been color coded.
>> Lower frequency orbits are
longer wavelength spirals.
Higher frequency orbits are
smaller wavelength spirals.
>> A yellow anti-proton comes
in from the right to left with
a mass of 938 million
electron volts.
So we are starting with a
particle with a lower frequency
orbit, and a lot of mass energy.
It then generates a
green positive pion
in a higher frequency
orbit, with a lower mass now
of 140 million electron volts.
We already see a
huge drop in mass
as the particle goes into
a higher frequency mode.
The green positive
pion transforms
into an even higher frequency
orbit, generating a red muon
with a lower mass, again, of
105 million electron volts.
Next, the red muon spins into
a super high frequency orbit,
and transforms into a blue
positron, positive electron,
with a super low mass of
0.511 million electron volts.
>> Lower frequency orbits are
longer wavelength spirals.
Higher frequency orbits are
smaller wavelength spirals.
>> What this tells us is
that the higher the frequency
the orbit of the
subatomic particle,
the lower its mass
energy becomes.
In essence, it becomes
lighter, the higher
its orbital frequency becomes.
Now, if we
superimpose this model
onto the size of the
galaxy, what happens?
Why is it that
Einstein's law says
the closer we get to a black
hole, the highest frequency
domain In the galaxy,
as a planet, the greater
the mass of the planet in the
presence of the black hole?
In fact, it is thought
that black holes
have super giant mass energy,
thus increasing their gravity.
It appears the quantum
model disagrees
with the astrophysical model.
Only one of them can be right.
Because we cannot actually
travel to a black hole,
we have to rely on the data
we have in front of us,
which says, the reason black
holes devour whole stars
and planets with ease is not
because of their increased
gravity, it is because, as
the planets and stars enter
the higher frequency
domain of the black hole,
they lose their mass energy, and
do not weigh anything anymore--
the black hole devours
them with ease.
This means, as our solar system
spirals around the Milky Way
galaxy, and slowly enters
into a higher frequency
orbit, our sun, planets,
and bodies are transforming
into a lighter form of energy.
Hence, the new earth.
This transformation is
sudden at certain points,
just as we see in
the photograph.
The point of the yellow coded
anti-proton losing its mass,
and transforming
into a green pion,
is sudden and not gradual.
When the green pion turns into
a red muon, it is sudden, again.
These transformations take
place in less than a nanosecond.
This tells us that when
our solar system crosses
that fateful shell
in the galaxy,
the transformation
will be sudden--
in the twinkling of an eye.
In theory, this may be precisely
what happens on a grand scale,
with our own solar system, as
it migrates through the galaxy.
When we spiral from a lower
into a higher frequency
shell within the galaxy,
and cross the shell line,
theoretically, the sun,
the planets, and the Earth
will undergo a major,
sudden, transformation.
Does this explain the
meaning of the new heaven
and the new Earth in
the Book of Revelation?
Our Earth spins at
approximately 1,000 miles
per hour at the
equator, while the speed
of the Earth around the sun
is approximately 67,000 miles
per hour.
The orbital velocity
of the solar system
around the center
of the galaxy is
approximately 137
miles per second,
or nearly 500,000
miles per hour.
In a 24-hour day, we travel
nearly 12 million miles
around the Milky Way galaxy.
Our vertical ascension velocity
comes to 370,000 miles per day,
moving north of
the galactic plane.
Both velocities are faster
than any spaceship thus far
developed has ever traveled.
We are entering new
space every single day
that no human civilization
has ever ventured into.
Astronomers have discovered
that our very own Milky Way
galaxy, and our nearest
neighboring galaxy, Andromeda--
nearly 2.2 million
light years from us--
are being pulled simultaneously
at enormous speed
in the direction of a super
gravity field of dark matter
in the constellation of Virgo.
What effect will this have on
our microcosmic solar system?
And even more mysteriously,
our consciousness?
>> One of the really exciting
discoveries that comes along
with the Russian torsion
science that they've developed,
is that there are two
types of torsion--
a right handed
and a left handed.
They correspond to the Chinese
version of yin and yang,
because this torsion is
really the same thing as chi,
it's just that they have
a little more information
about it, and more hard
science information
about how it behaves.
It's found in
space, and floating
in the vacuum of
space, and really it
shows up as areas
where the space time is
a little bit different
from what we have come
to expect from our physics.
So that if you look
out into space,
you'll find regions where
there's more dark matter--
which is what they would
call a left handed torsion.
And also more of the
other form, which
is dark energy, which is
what we would call a right
handed torsion.
The right handed torsion,
there's a repulsion of matter,
or reduced gravity.
Left handed torsion is increase
of gravity, more traction.
So in Virgo right now, there
is a large concentration
of dark matter, or the
attractive left handed torsion
component.
What Kozyrev, who is the
inventor of this theory,
talks about is that left
handed torsion increases ESP--
it improves psychic abilities.
This has been backed up by
some of the magnet healers,
like Davis and
Rawls, who also show
that you take the south-pointing
end of the magnet,
and put it on your
third eye, for example,
they find that it increases
psychic ability, or ESP.
So it's the same type of
energy we're talking about.
Now, it so happens
there's a time of day
which Spotiswood has discovered
when Virgo is overhead.
And when that happens,
psychic reception is better,
and ESP is better, and remote
viewing is more accurate,
by about a factor
of four, compared
to the rest of the day.
That happens to be the time
when the dark matter in Virgo is
overhead, the Earth is not in
the way--it's not blocking it.
So this is confirmation
that the dark matter has
an effect on ESP, and
our psychic ability.
It has been proposed that there
are great cycles in history--
we have the golden
ages and the dark ages.
They have been correlated with
about a 26,000-year cycle,
about the same as a
procession of our pole.
And it may be that it's our
motion compared to dark matter
sources like Virgo,
that determines
when these effects are
increased or decreased.
So if we happen to be
to pointing right now,
or moving more
rapidly toward Virgo,
that might increase the
influence of this dark matter.
That's a possibility.
>> Our solar system has been
charted to be about one third
of the way from the outer rim
of the Milky Way galaxy to its
center.
We are ever spiraling inwards.
But we are also spiraling in
another dimension of spin.
In a paper on this study of
the solar system's migration
through the galaxy, physicists
found that every 64 million
years, our solar system dips
south below the galactic plane,
and rises north above
the galactic plane.
We are currently moving north
about 10 parsecs of true north,
or 190 trillion miles of
the precise galactic plane--
still inside the thickness
of the upper plane.
We are in the same position
that the dinosaurs went extinct
some 64 million years ago.
This study also found that most
major extinction-level events
occurred when the
solar system was moving
north of the galactic plane.
The further we move
north, the more exposed
we are to super cosmic rays
from the galactic center.
When we were south, or
inside the galactic plane,
we are more protected
from this cosmic energy.
When we emerge from the
thickness of the plane,
we will see a sudden
influx of cosmic rays,
thus affecting all life forms,
forcing our DNA to evolve--
or possibly even die
if it does not evolve.
No human species
has ever existed
north of the galactic
plane in our ancient past.
>> It's certainly true that
if there is a big solar flare
that's aimed at the Earth,
coronal mass ejection hits
the Earth for example,
it will affect the Earth.
It can, for a time,
weaken our magnetic field,
or could greatly
weaken it, which
means that cosmic
rays can rain down
on the Earth at a much
stronger level than normal.
And that would cause mutations.
One problem is that
there's no guarantee
they'll be beneficial.
We'll probably get
a lot of mutations
that are not beneficial.
Maybe produce species that are
not viable-- they'll just die.
So you may get a few
people, or a few mutations
that might be beneficial--
but you'll have a lot of cost
there, in terms of lives.
And of course, the
other possibility
is that when large solar
flares like that hit the Earth,
they induce stresses on
the crust of the Earth.
As they change the
magnetic field,
you may even get a pole reversal
happening because of one
of these large solar flares.
If we have that,
we're going to get
huge changes of mass, of the
land masses, and earthquakes,
and volcanoes, maybe even
a shift of the orientation
of the poles, themselves.
So a lot of loss of
life would happen,
if you have a direct hit
by a coronal mass ejection.
Now, it may end up
leading to a new age where
those who get through it
may lead to a golden age,
but it's a hard way to do it.
It's not a very gentle
thing to go through.
For me, the idea of the
torsion field in both in Virgo,
and other sources of
torsion, is more benign,
because we know there that
increase of this field
will definitely lead
to increased intuition,
and you have a better ability
to have ideas, to have insights,
to tap into the akashic
record, that would be improved.
So access to the torsion
field on an increased basis
would be a more promising way
to do it, if I had my choice.
One more thing on
this whole subject,
we do see right now
indicators in the solar system
that we are moving into a region
where the background of space
is different than it was before.
The planet, such as Mars,
the whitecaps, the snow caps,
are disappearing from places
throughout the solar system--
which means that the planets are
heating up, not just the Earth,
but other places, as well.
The output of the sun has
not changed, measurably.
So the best explanation
for these effects
is that the torsion background
that our solar system is moving
through is changing, as though
we were moving through a region
where the background left
handed torsion is increased.
And therefore,
that would explain
why there might be
an increase in ESP
and intuition on the Earth.
And you'll also see physical
effects, such as these warming
effects.
Because all the
physical processes
that we take for granted,
that we have constants
we've measured over
hundreds of years
in our scientific
laboratories, we're
going to see some of
those perhaps changing
as we move into a different
background of torsion.
>> As Einstein has proven, the
field is the sole governing
agency of the
particle of matter.
It is the fields of energy
that our sun and planets
encounter that brings
change to the solar system.
Just as electrons
encounter change
when they encounter
different fields of energy
within the atom.
Because our solar
system is moving
into new fields of
energy every single day,
no one can predict how those
fields may affect our sun
and planet Earth.
If our solar system crosses a
major membrane in the galaxy,
just as electrons do
when they jump shells,
the sun and planets may undergo
a major sudden transformation,
just as electrons do.
This transformation
may be what the Bible's
2 Peter is referring to.
"Wherein the heavens being
on fire shall be dissolved,
and the elements shall
melt with fervent heat."
>> It appears from everything
going on that we are speeding
up, that knowledge is speeding
up, insights are speeding up,
technology and science
is speeding up.
So things that seemed
impossible even 10 years ago,
such as this torsion
science that's
coming out of Russia,
which actually, then,
has implications for
how you can levitate
and teleport things like that--
some of these discoveries
that the psychic children that
are showing up, the crystals,
and all the other types
of children, that
are appearing, that
are just very wise,
and much more advanced,
in terms of their intuitive
abilities than most of us.
The types of information that
we're getting from many sources
just tell me that the
evolution of the planet
is really growing exponentially.
At the same time, there are
all these more dark forces
and pessimistic forces,
and violent forces
that are also present, so it's
a tug of war between these two.
And if you just look rationally
at all the forces in play,
it's hard to know what's
really going to happen,
how we're going to evolve
into a golden age with all
these other dark and warring and
war-like forces still present.
So the idea of a
splitting universe,
of a split or a
shift, where there
is some change of dimension
between these two groups,
would certainly be
a nice clean way
to resolve the contradiction.
Either that, or
perhaps they'll all
become enlightened overnight.
Or possibly we'll
have a mass appearance
by beings that are
much more advanced.
And if they show up, we'll all
have to learn really quickly
about what else is
possible in the universe.
So I don't really
claim to know, but I
do think-- so some
kind of ET appearance,
or appearance by advanced beings
that is widely acknowledged,
would be a spark that would
change people's belief system,
and will change their
idea of what's possible,
and of what our true
nature is as human beings.
Some kind of
consciousness shift like
that, I would not be at all
surprised to see by 2012.
>> On December 21, 2010, seismic
stations all over the earth
recorded a strange
cosmic vibration,
ringing Earth like a giant bell.
The next day, December 22, NASA
reported the largest storm ever
erupted on Saturn.
The storm is larger
than the planet Earth.
These new emerging energy fields
may have a profound effect
on our consciousness.
They may even be the precursors
to sudden unexplained leaps
in human consciousness
evolution.
That is because energy
always carries information.
The human brain
and consciousness
receive this
information, and evolve.
The new children being
born into the new sun
may harbor the kind of
genius and dramatic changes
we need to survive
the next millennium.
Or could it be possible
that the rapture may happen,
as we enter the new energy
field within the galaxy?
>> The idea of a rapture,
where large numbers of people
disappear, or shift to
some other dimension,
has been proposed
by other writers,
besides the Christian groups
that talk about the rapture.
Dolores Canon has written about
the Anasazi, who also appear,
seemed to have disappeared
without leaving
much of a trace.
Also the dwellers
in Machu Picchu,
another possible example, where
we have cases of civilizations
just vanishing in a very
short amount of time.
Now, of course, it might
have been migration,
it might be something
more worldly.
But the idea has been proposed
that dimensions can split,
and the idea in our synchronous
universe model would be,
here we are one moment, we're
all synchronized-- our matter,
my body, all the molecules
in the matter around me,
is all synchronized with
everyone else in the society.
So I see them, they see me.
That's normal.
But we know that certain
adeps and yogis can cause,
by location or teleportation,
by meditating, and shifting
the phase of their frequency
of their vibration,
and suddenly they can just pop
out into another dimension,
or move to another
location, which
might be far away from where
they are at that moment.
So the Synchronized Universe
model explains that.
People, en masse,
has been proposed
by prayer or
meditation, may also
be able to generate some kind
of collective shift of phase,
or shift of frequency-- which
would cause then suddenly
to disappear, to the first
people in the first reality.
They would appear in
another dimension,
or another parallel
reality, or could
be another location, that may
even be on another planet,
perhaps.
So this idea of shifting phase,
and thereby shift in position,
or shift in parallel
reality, really
fits in very naturally with the
Synchronized Universe model.
And it might be one way that
events will transpire as we
go through the next few years.
So we will see.
But certainly the
model offers a way
to understand that, from
a physics point of view.
>> If a single person can travel
physically to another dimension
and back, as Akhiyon
and others have,
certainly we can understand how
it is possible for the higher
dimension of the heavens to
separate off millions of higher
vibration people
into that dimension.
If millions of us
left this dimension,
would we become just a
statistic of missing persons?
Or would it be obvious
that all of those
that are not of
higher consciousness
suddenly found themselves alone?
If such a rift occurs
between worlds,
for those of us who do go into
the higher vibrational Earth,
we will live in a new Earth, and
we will perceive new heavens.